Last season on Bosch...
Don't walk away from--
- Oh!
- Hey! Hey!
Hey, Harry.
How's it hanging?
Welcome back, partner.
A man named Anthony Allen was
murdered over the weekend.
Ohh!
His body was
discovered yesterday
in the trunk of his car
above Mulholland.
When you're finished here,
go notify the next of kin.
- Do we know who that is yet?
- Veronica Allen.
Well, do you have a suspect?
We came up here
to talk to Carl Nash,
but he's not
at work today.
Why on earth would you
want to speak with him?
He's become a person
of interest in this case.
Not that you'd know this,
but he's got
quite a checkered past.
My lawyer called.
Should be on the
probate docket any day.
When exactly?
Soon. Just be patient.
Patience is my middle name.
These cases
are 35 years old.
Doesn't matter. A friend
of my mother's contacted me,
told me my mother went there
the night she was murdered.
This is new information.
Who was he?
He called himself Mitch.
It's the only name
I ever knew him by.
What about the detective?
Do you remember his name?
- No, I--
- Was it Caffrey?
John Caffrey?
Fox Mitchell
was an alias, okay?
He was a snitch.
You didn't even talk
to him off book?
I did the right thing.
I asked Narcotics
to make him available
for questioning.
That request was denied.
So you just
laid down on it.
So what's going on at home?
I don't know.
Mom and Reggie were
arguing a lot,
and then all of a sudden
he goes to Hong Kong.
There's been an
officer-involved shooting.
I got a call to pick you up
and bring you to the scene.
Oh, my boy.
In memory of your son,
and on behalf
of a grateful city
and the Los Angeles
Police Department.
You... killed him.
I can't stand
to look at you.
I agreed to accept the position
of Interim Chief of Police
to honor my son
and help lead the department
out of this current crisis.
But I will not be accepting
the job permanently,
no matter
who wins the election.
You're just gonna walk away?
I'm going to have
to ask you to leave.
Not without
my fucking money.
You know, I'm
calling the police.
No, you are not!
What happened?
He attacked me.
And how many times
did you hit him?
Once or-- or twice.
I don't--
I don't really remember.
I was terrified.
- You feared for your life.
- I did.
So is that enough?
- Bosch!
- I'm good!
Aah!
Shit.
Arno Apperson,
also known
as Fox Mitchell.
These are names I haven't
heard in a long time.
What are you
looking at him for?
Murder of Marjorie Lowe,
my mother.
Jesus.
You tied Apperson
to your mother's murder?
No, he did it.
And this department,
the D.A.'s office
protected him afterward,
put him in
the Relocation Program.
I want to know
where he is.
I'll see what I
can find out.
What's up, man?
I'm looking for
Big Wave Dave. He around?
He's been dead a while now.
This him?
Yeah. Dave Arenson.
Shit.
Fuck.
All right. All right.
Shit.
Returning
from the national picture,
with 80% of the vote counted,
incumbent mayor Hector Ramos
has an 11-point lead
over Republican challenger
District Attorney Rick O'Shea.
Some observers believe
O'Shea's bid
for the city's top job
was fatally damaged
a year ago
by the video that showed him
ordering
the shacklesremoved
from a murder suspect
who then escaped custody,
shooting a prosecutor
and wounding
a police detective.
There are still
two years remaining
to O'Shea's term
as District Attorney,
but the once rising star
appears to be at
a crossroads in his career.
Think you've had enough.
Fuck you I've had enough.
I'll tell you
when I've had enough.
Got no call to cut me off
long as he's buying.
Pour yourself one.
It's on him.
That okay with you?
Why the fuck not?
- There you go.
- That's good.
From Atwater Village
to Arlington Heights,
from Highland Park
to the Hollywood Hills,
From Sylmar to South L.A.--
...the people of Los Angeles
have sent a message,
a strong message, that--
- Bosch.
- This is Webster at Rampart.
Sorry to bother you so late,
but I got Ed Gunn here again.
What do you want me
to do with him?
Keep him awake
till I get there.
I'm on my way.
Conscious when I called you.
I swear.
- What's this mutt to you?
- Cold case.
Serial killer.
No shit.
Him?
Who'd he kill?
Some other rummies?
Couple young women,
back in the day.
Gonna book him?
The sheriffs
don't want him.
We'll frick him
in the morning,
soon as he's sober.
I'll be back
before that happens.
I need a word.
**
* I got a feeling
that I can't let go *
* I can't let go *
* I feel *
Enter the code.
8979.
- This it?
- Yeah, this is it.
Right here.
Okay.
All right.
Where are your keys?
Wait a minute.
I got them.
All right.
Oh, you got 'em?
Okay. Good. Come on.
- Okay.
- Come on. Thank you.
- Morning.
Breakfast?
I'll grab
something at school.
You look nice.
Thanks.
I got court today.
But tired.
Up late
watching the returns.
Presidential election?
Dad, don't be a derp.
I'm totally putting you on.
I even know who won.
Uh-huh. I'm gonna
quiz you on that later.
I'm gonna be able
to vote next year.
Oof. That's
a terrifying thought.
And when are you gonna
let me get my license?
Hmm. Significantly
more terrifying thought.
I have my permit.
You can teach me.
Whoa. Hat trick.
You're on a roll.
But you already testified.
No, the defense lawyer
reserved their
cross examination
until the end
of their case.
- Do you think she'll get off?
- Might.
Can't predict juries.
And you're sure she did it?
Beyond a reasonable doubt.
You're gonna say that?
I can only answer
the questions they ask me
truthfully.
- Uch.
- What?
You were doing so well.
I'm gonna quit again.
I promise.
Soon.
I want you to see this.
Okay?
You shouldn't litter.
You said
you wanted me to stop.
I-- I just stopped.
You saw it.
For real this time?
You promise?
I promise.
Truthfully?
You really do
take after your mother.
What the fuck?
5:25 a.m. $500 bond.
Who wrote the bond?
AAA Bail.
He was gonna
be released anyway.
Who'd waste the money
to bail him out?
- Family. Friend.
- He's got no friends.
Sister washed her hands
of him years ago.
And how the hell would
she know he was here?
- Called her?
- He didn't call anybody.
He's a black-out drunk.
He washes up on you again,
I want to be notified.
It's in the computer,
detective.
Just make sure it happens.
Yes?
Mayor Ramos here to see you.
Send him in.
- Irv.
- Mr. Mayor.
Jen.
This is a surprise.
I would have come to you.
Doing my victory lap.
You're my first stop.
Please have a seat.
And congratulations.
Thank you.
It was a great night.
Get you anything?
Water? Coffee?
No. We're good.
Thank you, Ida.
I wanted to thank you
in person for your support.
I doubt it made
much of a difference.
Numbers say otherwise.
You're a popular dude,
Chief--
south of I-10,
east of the river,
Westside,
even the Valley.
The Valley?
Imagine that.
So we're grateful.
You know, you could use
the Chief's office.
It's nicer than mine.
I'm happy here.
Besides, I wouldn't want
to send the wrong message.
We know you've had
other offers.
I haven't accepted any.
Good to hear.
I still intend to step down
at the end of the year.
Then we have till then
to change your mind.
Detective,
you testified previously
that, when you encountered
Mrs. Allen in the church,
she was distraught.
She seemed to be, yes.
There was blood
on her right hand.
There was blood on her dress.
And upon entering
Father Tabakian's office,
what did you see?
He was lying on the floor.
The back of his head
had been bashed in.
He was unresponsive,
not breathing.
A heavy trophy was lying
nearby, covered in blood,
and a pair of scissors
had been placed
under his left hand.
- Placed?
- That was my impression.
Placed?
By whom, in your opinion?
The defendant.
Mrs. Allen.
You didn't
witness her do that.
No.
Were her fingerprints
on the scissors?
No.
Were any prints found
on the scissors?
Father Tabakian's.
What was your initial
assessment at the scene?
That they had quarreled
over the money,
that Mrs. Allen had
struck Father Tabakian
with the trophy,
and then planted
the scissors in his hand
to make it look
like self-defense.
Detective,
your partner testified
that you told him
from the beginning
you believed the scissors
were planted.
- That is correct.
- You never considered
that her story of
self-defense might be true?
Considered and dismissed.
Detective, weren't you
a defendant in a civil suit
where you were accused
of planting evidence?
Yes.
What was the outcome
of that lawsuit?
The jury found
for the plaintiff.
Nothing further.
Detective, did the jury
in that case conclude
that you had planted evidence?
- No.
- Did the findings against you
involve falsifying
of evidence in any way?
No.
And the total amount
in damages
awarded to the plaintiff?
One dollar.
Nothing further, Your Honor.
The witness may step down.
Ms. Chandler,
any other witnesses?
Uh, just one, Your Honor.
The defense calls
Mrs. Anthony Allen.
Uh, Your Honor,
given the late hour,
I suggest we recess
for the day.
Court will resume
in the morning
with Mrs. Allen's testimony.
Señor Bosch.
Gracias, Gladys.
De nada.
- Gracias.
- De nada.
Talk to your mom lately?
We Skyped Sunday.
You should make that
a standing date--
once a week, Sunday.
Well, her Sunday
or my Sunday?
Whichever.
The time difference.
It's so hard.
Plus, she and Reggie
work nights.
It's morning here,
it's evening in Hong Kong,
and it's not even
the same day.
Okay. Don't whine.
Just try.
I'm not whining.
Okay.
You've been working
late a lot.
Prepping the Holland trial.
What? What's that look?
Nothing.
You've been spending
a lot of time with her.
Her? Who? Anita?
Oh, that's what you
call her? Anita?
Deputy DA Benitez to you.
Whatever.
When's the trial?
A few weeks.
I've got court
in the morning,
then tomorrow we go
over to his house,
revisit the crime scene.
Will he be there?
Yeah. He's under
house arrest.
- What's he like?
- Andrew Holland?
He's a creep.
His movies are creepy.
You've seen his movies?
My friends like them
more than I do.
Will you have to testify?
Yeah.
- Can I come watch you?
- No.
- Why not?
- It's a murder trial, Maddie.
It's not an entertainment.
Dad, get real.
It so is an
entertainment.
Famous director kills an
aspiring actress during sex.
All my friends
think it's cool
that you were the one
who arrested him.
He's not famous.
He is now.
I went there
to get my money back.
The money your husband's
mistress stole from you.
And gave
to Father Tabakian.
I explained to him
who she was
and what she'd done.
And how did he respond?
He defended her.
She was so innocent,
so pure.
He didn't believe me.
What did you do then?
I showed him the pictures
of them together.
And how did he
respond to that?
He--
He got so angry.
He told me to leave.
He said he'd never
give me my money back.
And then he threatened me.
He threatened you?
Said he'd call the police,
have me arrested.
Then he--
he put his hands on me.
Take your time.
Thank you.
He began...
pushing me
toward the door.
And he--
he picked up
a pair of scissors,
and...
came at me again.
What did you do?
I grabbed the nearest
thing I could
to defend myself.
The trophy.
He lunged at me.
I thought he was
going to kill me,
so I-- I-- I hit him.
I hit him.
I had no choice.
I'm so, so sorry.
- ...as soon as possible.
- Right.
Detectives.
Mr. District Attorney.
Kind of ballsy of her to put
her client on the stand.
Could've backfired.
Mrs. Allen was
a compelling witness.
What's your gut?
We'll see.
I thought Amanda did
the best she could
on the redirect,
given that you did
lose that case,
dollar or no dollar.
I meant, any guess on
when the jury comes back?
If I were to bet,
tomorrow afternoon
at the latest.
My office will
give you a heads up.
Should've taken that bet.
Asshole.
Headed
back to the house?
I gotta go do this thing
with Benitez.
The Holland case?
How's that going?
In a rational world,
it'd be a slam dunk.
She's kind of a dish,
Benitez.
Is she?
I mean for someone
who's age appropriate.
Fuck you.
You ought to ask her out.
We're working together.
That's never stopped you.
Counselor, does your client
want to join us?
I know he's
under house arrest,
but I'm sure he's allowed
in the driveway.
He's fine where he is.
Thank you.
On the night Donatella Spear
was murdered--
That has not been
proved, counselor.
Please.
On October 12 of last year,
Miss Spear
arrived at 8:32 p.m.
We have security data
and video.
Someone exited the house,
no video, at 11:20 p.m.
Mr. Holland and Miss Spear.
And through the main vehicle
entrance 14 minutes later.
He was driving her home
after an evening
of consensual relations.
He's a real gentleman.
She was already dead.
No. Alive and well.
14 minutes from the house
to the car and out the gate?
Well, they'd had
a lot to drink.
They'd done some Ecstasy.
And they were still in a--
let's call it a frisky mood.
Making out. Parking.
Ever do it, Bosch,
in your youth?
Maybe he was trying to put
a seat belt on a corpse.
Someone-- Mr. Holland,
presumably--
returned through that gate
at 1:52 a.m.
Holland told us
he dropped off Spear
at her house
around midnight,
was back here by 12:30.
That's nearly 90 minutes
unaccounted for.
He was mistaken
about the time.
He was under the influence.
Bosch, who knows
where the fuck
the time goes, right?
They were fucked up.
Why would he lie
about something
that's so easy to check?
Because he's
an arrogant prick.
You would know.
Let me ask you
something, Rudy.
You miss the job?
Fuck, no.
Not for a second.
I was never a lifer
like you.
Oh, yeah, right.
20 years of just
going through the motions.
But pimping for celebrities?
That's low.
That's low even for
a bottom feeder like you.
Bosch, Bosch, Bosch.
Look at you.
Most guys would've
pulled the pin,
take the pension,
lean back, enjoy life.
Except you got none.
When the department finally
puts you out to pasture,
you'll eat your gun.
40 minutes
door to door in traffic.
That night,
that hour? Under ten.
I've been here at night.
It's dark dark.
Private.
He uses her keys,
drags her body
up the stairs,
stages a scene.
There's your missing
90 minutes.
He must have had help.
Rudy Tafero's my bet.
We've been at this
for 13 months.
We don't have any evidence,
any witnesses.
Ran the phone records.
No calls.
The place was wiped clean.
That's suspicious.
It's all suspicious.
And if Holland
were an ordinary mook
with a public defender,
he'd be begging
to cop a plea.
But he's a semi-famous
film director
with a high-priced
mouthpiece.
Well, I still think
he'll plead.
This is L.A. I got
two words for you.
Don't say O.J.
Robert Blake.
Phil Spector.
The exception
that proves the rule.
So his story is:
They have sex.
He brings her home,
drops her.
She's still hot.
She's still high on the X.
He leaves. She wants
to get off again.
Auto-erotic asphyxiation
is a male phenomenon.
- There are cases of females--
- Very few.
A few is all they need.
That's why your testimony
is so important.
Excuse me.
- Jerry.
- Caught one, partner.
- I'll text the address.
- On my way.
I'll drop you at your car.
Edge, what you got?
White male, thirties.
Looks like a single GSW.
Hard to tell.
Head's like a baked apple.
No I.D.
You glove up before
you went in, Powers?
Yeah, I did.
He's been cooking.
Might want a hazmat
to go with those gloves.
What was that about?
Fucking Bosch.
Jerry.
"De Oppresso Liber."
"Free the oppressed"?
More like
"I was an oppressed man.
Now I'm free."
Oh, fuck this, Harry.
This shit is hazardous
to human health.
Coroner can get the body out,
call for a tow.
Crims can process this
over at FSD.
Air it the fuck out.
Powers,
you run the plates?
I'm not a boot, Bosch.
R-O comes back
to a male in Eagle Rock.
Who called it in?
Shopping cart lady
flagged us down.
Door was open,
flapping in the breeze.
Lock's busted.
Scene's fucked.
People in and out,
stealing shit,
- God knows what.
- This suit is toast.
That looks kind of fresh.
I know that tag.
I might have a shake
on him. I'll look.
It's a waste a time.
It's a homeless
on homeless drug murder.
There's no way
we clear this.
Everybody counts,
or nobody counts.
Written on the wall
at RHD.
Doesn't mean
it always rings true
here on the streets.
It should.
Whatever.
Come on, Harry.
That tattoo.
It's an SF tattoo.
Army, Special Forces.
Special Forces, huh?
Like Green Beret?
You got one, too?
- Want to see it?
- I'll pass.
Lieutenant.
Captain.
This thing is bullshit.
I don't disagree.
How are you feeling
about the verdict?
Confident.
From what I hear,
the defense scored
some points off our people.
Oh, it's just boilerplate
blame the police.
Your lead detective
has a history.
Uh, he has a history
of being accused.
Where there's smoke.
Not always.
Sometimes it's just somebody
blowing it up your ass.
Congrats on passing
the written.
Oh, thanks.
Nervous about the orals.
I don't see why.
The orals should be
right up your alley.
Excuse me?
Here we go. That's my key.
Morning, Juan.
Homicide. He's out.
I used to say it
as a joke, you know?
Gentlemen.
Lieutenant.
Say what as a joke?
What's going on?
Why the long faces?
You know how I always
introduce Renee
as the future
ex-Mrs. Johnson?
I thought that was
funny, you know,
given my matrimonial
history, and--
Ah, Barrel, I am so sorry.
What're ya gonna do?
No retirement
for you, pal.
Now you're stuck
with me.
Fuck you.
I'm not sticking around
just to keep you company.
- Yeah, you are.
- No I'm not.
You guys headed downtown?
Yeah, just leaving.
So is it good sign
or a bad sign?
Who knows?
Good sign.
The jury's out two days?
That's a bad sign.
Do you need
to take some time?
Eh, better to stay busy.
But thanks, Lieutenant.
All right, if you need
anything, let me know.
Boy, she's all right, Grace.
Nobody like her.
Fucking hate to see her
make Captain.
Are you serious?
No telling who we'd
end up with.
I feel the same way.
Anything we can do to,
uh, fuck up her chances?
Just keep doing
what we're doing.
Jesus, you guys.
Selfish assholes.
I'm just joking.
I mean, you know,
we wish her the best.
You know, she deserves
to make Captain, right?
Fuck that.
It'd be a calamity.
I'll light a candle.
I've been informed
that the jury finds itself
still deadlocked
and that further deliberations
would be fruitless.
Therefore, on the single
count of Murder Two,
The People of California
versus Veronica Allen,
I declare a mistrial.
No jeopardy attaches.
The defendant's bond
is released.
What does that mean,
no jeopardy?
They can retry you.
That's not fair.
Well, don't worry
about it yet.
Let's celebrate
this victory.
This is a good thing,
Ronnie.
This is not over.
Detective.
Seven to five
for acquittal?
Why would the next
jury find you
any more persuasive
than this one did?
Trust me.
The District Attorney
will weigh the odds
- and cut his losses.
- The DA will re-try.
I'll make it my mission.
You are a dog with a bone.
And you, Mrs. Allen,
are a liar and a murderer.
You really do need
to get a life, detective.
I still owe you that drink.
Ring my bell any time.
Ouch. Must be
oh so sore by now.
Most of the usable prints
belong to a William Meadows.
- Military?
- How'd you know?
- The tattoos. How'd you know?
- Documents in the van
pertaining to a Staff Sergeant
William Meadows
and letters addressed
to a Billy Meadows.
He the deceased?
Waiting on the autopsy
for an I.D.
They're super
backed up over there.
He the owner of this
little slice of heaven?
We think so.
Any prints
besides Meadows?
- A multitude.
- Coppers said
the place was ransacked
after he died.
Homeless
on homeless, right?
Most likely.
The people's
case was flimsy,
and the jury agreed.
Bet it was the men
voted to acquit.
I hear you, brother.
I'd acquit that any day.
They heard the testimony.
They found Mrs. Allen
more compelling...
You guys do look shifty,
like a couple
of salt-and-pepper
shakedown artists
preying on lonely widows.
- Shake this.
- Eh.
Well, we're disappointed.
But this office will study
the events of this trial
before we decide whether
to retry Mrs. Allen.
Whether to retry?
Are you kidding me?
That chickenshit.
Excuse me.
Mr. District Attorney.
Benitez.
Bosch.
Anita was just
bringing me up to speed
on the Holland case--
All right,
I have to tell you.
After what happened
today, I'm concerned.
Don't be.
And since
you brought it up,
The Allen case,
which way
are you leaning?
- Oh, I've made up my mind.
- Mm-hmm.
This office
will not file new charges
against Veronica Allen.
Hold on a minute.
You're shitting me.
Honey Chandler has painted
an indelible portrait
of you, detective,
one that cannot be erased:
that you can't be trusted,
That you'll do anything,
say anything,
cut any corner, to win.
That's bullshit.
I don't do that.
You have that reputation,
detective,
deserved or not.
Between you and Mrs. Allen
and credibility,
it's no contest.
So, no. I won't refile.
Now if you'll excuse us,
we've got business.
Now, you listen to me,
you smug son of a bitch.
You don't want to pursue this.
You don't want to do your job.
This is payback. This is
your vendetta with Irving.
Harry--
Harry, stop.
Shit.
Dad?
Yeah.
You going to bed?
You finish your homework?
Dad, you're
on the internet.
I'm just doing
something for work.
No, I mean you.
You're on the internet.
You don't want
to pursue this.
to do your job.
This is payback. This is
your vendetta with Irving.
Harry. Harry, stop.
You look like you
wanted to kill him.
We had an argument.
I shouldn't
have lost my temper.
Okay?
Well, you're lucky.
It only got,
like, 37 retweets.
You have to be really
careful these days, Dad.
Literally
everything is on camera.
Ain't it the truth.
Okay, honey.
Good night.
Ah, shit.
50 bucks.
Deal.
Get in.
This class of recruits
exemplifies the core values
of the Los Angeles
Police Department:
service to the community,
reverence for the law,
integrity. leadership,
respect for all people.
Keep these values in mind,
and strive to uphold them
throughout your careers.
It is a privilege to be
a Los Angeles police officer.
It is an honor
to wear this uniform.
And with it comes
enormous responsibility
and an awesome commitment
to protect this city
and its citizens...
with your lives if necessary.
Not so many years ago,
on a day like this...
I was in the audience.
My son graduated that day.
And I could not
have been prouder.
My son honored
that commitment.
He made the ultimate
sacrifice.
So I honor his memory every
time I put on this uniform,
just as you honor
the memory of every officer
who has given his or her life
in the line of duty.
Wear it with pride.
Respect what it represents:
to serve and protect
the citizens of Los Angeles.
Class 516.
A-ten-hut!
Class 516,
on behalf of the Mayor
and the City of Los Angeles,
welcome to the Los Angeles
Police Department.
Smile, man, smile.
A happy day.
Well done, Irv.
Thank you, Brad.
How goes the search?
The board's split.
Do we pick an
insider like you?
Go outside,
someone with no ties
to the department?
No potential
conflicts of interest?
Maybe it's time for
the first female chief,
the first Latino.
You could
make it easy on us.
Stick around.
Put us out of our misery.
Look, I've already
told the mayor.
I know, I know. You're
a stubborn son of a bitch.
So I hear.
Talk him into it?
What do you think,
Hector?
That was moving, Irv,
inspirational,
first-rate. I mean it.
You're held in high regard
by your troops.
- Thank you.
- Mr. Mayor.
- Bradley.
- Richard.
Congratulations, Chief.
Um, a word?
Gentlemen.
You need to put your attack
dog back on his leash.
Come in.
Captain?
I just had a call
from Chief Irving.
It's about Bosch.
I have something
to show you.
I thought he was
more chipper lately,
- more hopeful.
- Probably just high.
Mr. Meadows, was
your son in treatment?
NA? AA?
Any veteran's groups?
He'd tell you he was.
When he first got back he was.
Did he have a cell phone?
One after another.
What do they call them?
Burners.
Yeah, always
a different number.
If we can get a hold
of the latest.
We're like to talk to anyone
who might have seen him
or spoken to him recently.
Friends, girlfriends.
Ohh.
None that we knew of.
Army buds? Anybody he might
have kept in touch with?
I think he pretty much
lost touch with everyone.
Did you see him often?
First of the month.
Pick up his check.
That was the deal.
I'd cash it for him,
and that was that.
No. Not just.
A meal, a change of clothes,
hot shower.
I'd do his wash for him.
Some men never grow up.
You ever visit him?
He wouldn't ever tell us
where he was living.
He was ashamed, Hal.
That was just before he
deployed the first time.
The first time?
Once to Iraq,
twice to Afghanistan.
A Green Beret.
That's a real accomplishment,
Mrs. Meadows.
We were proud of him.
I'm sure you are.
It wrecked him,
this damn war.
He had no end of troubles
when he finally came home.
Now this.
Take your time.
I'll tell you
what isn't here:
his kit.
Anything to do
with his service.
No unit patches,
no challenge coins,
no souvenirs,
no uniform, no beret.
Just this one picture.
He kept his things at The Bin.
Downtown?
On Fifth Street?
Yeah, his important
things from the army.
The RV wasn't safe.
Why didn't he
keep them here?
He said he didn't
want to infect us.
Thank you.
I'll write the warrant.
- Hey.
- Oh.
Sorry I'm late.
Traffic coming from
the Westside was murder,
miserable.
We made ramen.
- I see that.
- Want some?
It's good. Salty. Slurpy.
Naw, I'm not hungry,
but I'm gonna grab a beer
and come join you.
So, Grace,
what brings you by?
Mm, just checking
on you two,
making sure you're
getting along.
- We're doing good. Maddie?
- Excellent.
Harry's gonna teach me
how to drive.
Ooh. Brave man.
We'll see.
Maddie was just telling me
about Eleanor and Reggie
in Hong Kong.
Doing well,
by all accounts.
Yeah,
but you must miss them.
A lot. They're planning
to come home for Christmas.
They are?
Good to know.
Grace, seconds?
No, I'm good, thanks.
It was delish.
Thanks.
I have homework.
Okay.
It's good to see you,
Maddie.
You, too.
Tell Lisa I said hi.
Will do.
Your little outburst
with the DA.
It's gone viral.
IA is going to file
a 128 against you.
What a pain in the ass.
Do me a favor,
take their call.
Yeah, yeah.
No, I mean it.
Lewis is
on the war path.
I said yeah.
I'm worried
about you, Harry.
Don't be. I'm fine.
I don't think you are.
I'm tired is all.
I'm not sleeping.
All right, well,
take some vacation days.
When Maddie
finishes school.
You know what?
Fuck this.
This is me, Grace, asking.
What the fuck
is eating you, Harry?
I thought that closing
your mother's murder
would bring you some peace.
Instead, it's made you
more miserable.
Peace?
That's a load of shit.
Her murderer
got away with it,
and my department
helped him do it.
Things have changed.
It's not the same
department.
It's the same world.
You need to get over it
and get yourself right.
Just wanted
to say good night.
Good night, honey.
You okay?
Yeah, I'm fine.
What did Grace want,
really?
Just wanted
to make sure we're okay.
We are, right?
Of course. Absolutely.
Good.
- Good night.
- Love you.
- Love you, too.
Aah!
No!
Who the fuck are you?